CISC/CMPE 457 Assignment 1

Due October 11 before class

In this assignment you'll build an image editor.  You may work in
groups of two.  Graduate students must work individually.

1. Get the main.py code running.

2. Modify the code so that brightness is adjusted with mouse dragging
   left and right, while contrast is adjusted with mouse dragging up
   and down.  You'll need two global variables for the linear contrast
   and brightness transformation.

3. Modify the code so that there's a "current image" upon which the
   current operation is applied.  As long as the mouse is being moved,
   the operation is applied to the current image.  Once the mouse is
   released, the current image is replaced with the new image.

   The 'l' key should load a new current image.  The 's' key should
   save the current image.

4. Perform histogram equalization upon 'h' being pressed.  Also output
   the histogram as 256 numbers on one line, where the i^{th} number
   is the intensity in [0,255] to which the original intensity i gets
   mapped, for i in [0,255]

5. Load a filter upon 'f' being pressed.  The filters are in the format

     xdim ydim
     scaleFactor
     ... data ...

   The scaleFactor is applied to the filter data after it's loaded.
   See examples in the 'filters' directory.

6. Apply the filter to the whole image upon 'a' being pressed.  Use
   convolution as described in class (i.e. flipping the filter).

7. Appy the filter within a radius, r, of the mouse when the RIGHT
   mouse button is clicked or dragged.  Adjust r by pressing '+' (or
   '=') and '-' (or '_').  For each step that the mouse is dragged
   (i.e. each call to "motion"), the current image should be updated
   immediately.

To submit:

In a single directory called 'a1' put the following files:

  README.txt - containing the name, student number, and netID of each
               person working on the assignment.  Include here any
               comments you have for the TA. 

  main.py    - the modified code, well commented.

For marking, we will read your code and will run your code.
